h2. Fork Specifics

This is a fork of the "original connector":http://smilebase.github.com/org.eclipse.mylyn.github by smilebase. 

It includes merged contributions for "for priate repo access":https://github.com/rbretherton/org.eclipse.mylyn.github and "comments":https://github.com/lucaspanjer/org.eclipse.mylyn.github 


h2. Installation

* Download (or clone) the source
* In Eclipse select *File -> Import... -> Existing Projects into workspace*
* Choose the downloaded source folder (this will create 5 mylyn github related projects)
* open @org.eclipse.mylyn.github_site@
* right click on @/org.eclipse.mylyn.github_site/site.xml@ 
* select *PDE Tools -> Build Site*.  

After the build completes:

* In Ecilpse go to *Help -> Install New Software*
* For the *Work With* field press *Add*
* Press the *Local...* button
* select the @org.eclipse.mylyn.github_site@ folder 
* continue with installation.

h2. Developers

h3. Eclipse coding standards

* "Sun's coding standards for Java":http://java.sun.com/docs/codeconv/index.html
* "Naming Conventions":http://wiki.eclipse.org/Naming_Conventions#Examples_Packages

h3. Resources

* "Eclipse Wiki Reference Page":http://wiki.eclipse.org/Mylyn_Integrator_Reference
* "Eclipse SVN":http://dev.eclipse.org/viewsvn/
* "Mylyn integration howto":http://jvliet.blogspot.com/2007/02/creating-mylar-connector-plugin-for.html
* "Eclipse/Mylyn Trac Source":http://dev.eclipse.org/viewcvs/index.cgi/org.eclipse.mylyn/org.eclipse.mylyn.trac.ui/src/org/eclipse/mylyn/internal/trac/?root=Tools_Project
* "Eclipse/Mylyn Ditz Source":http://github.com/mikegr/mylyn-ditz-connector/tree/master


h3. Dependencies

* "gson version 1.3":http://google-gson.googlecode.com/files/google-gson-1.3-release.zip
* "commons-httpclient version 3.1":http://www.devlib.org/apache/httpcomponents/commons-httpclient/binary/commons-httpclient-3.1.tar.gz
* "commons-logging version 1.0.4":http://archive.apache.org/dist/commons/logging/binaries/commons-logging-1.0.4.tar.gz
* "commons-codec version 1.2":http://archive.apache.org/dist/commons/codec/binaries/commons-codec-1.2.tar.gz

